So while using KMS,
we get access to a few condition keys
and the first one is kms:ViaService.
So kms:ViaService ensures
that your KMS key is going to be only used
by the specified AWS service.
So here if I create a key,
and I said the action is for the user to create a grant,
and KMS is via service EC2 or RDS, that means
that this user can only use this key through Amazon EC2,
so EBS volumes or RDS to encrypt RDS databases.
So it's very helpful to limit scope
and to make sure a key cannot be used outside
of certain services.
So the IAM user, of course, then must be authorized
to use the key to grant it to the AWS service.
And this is something you'll see
when you have AWS-managed key.
You will find this via service condition in them.
So have a look at, for example, the KMS key policy
of AWS/EBS and you will find something similar.
The second thing is kms:CallerAccount.
So you can allow or deny access to all identities,
IAM users, and roles in specific accounts.
So this is an example for the KMS key policy.
Here we have principal star for AWS,
which means everything within AWS as long
as the condition came as CallerAccount corresponds
to your account ID of your key meaning
that anything within this account can use this key.
So these two condition keys can come up at the exam.
So it's good for you to have seen them once.
I hope you like this lecture
and I will see you in the next lecture.